Our first task in our Doggo Fetch
code base is going to be TODO 1.
What we're going to do is similar
to our kind of five random numbers
populating an array,
we're going to get multiple choices so
that we can populate our different choice
buttons that we saw in our Doggo options.
Right now we have no choices, so we're
gonna create some choices using a function
getMultipleChoices using a while loop.
If we go into our
Doggo Fetch HTML document,
you can take a look at what
else is in here already.
There's some utility functions.
We're not gonna talk too much about them.
This is a fun homework exercise to go and
make sure you understand
what's happening here.
But if you keep scrolling until you
see a to do, you'll see TODO 1.
We have the bot, the declaration of
this function already done for us, so
we know what it can expect
in terms of parameters.
It's gonna be given
a few different things.
It's gonna have some array that
includes a bunch of possible answers.
One correct answer and a number n,
which is gonna tell us how many
different choices we want.
So our mission, should we choose to
accept it, is to use a while loop and
a helper function that we have
up here called getRandomElement,
which is sort of equivalent to our
kind of get random number thing.
Or sort of, yeah, math.random,
that's going to basically randomly
select a value from an array.
So let's try to use getRandomElement and
a while loop to create an array
of n choices from the array that I
passed in, making sure that the correct
answer is in there, because we want
that to be one of the choices.
It wouldn't be very nice if we
gave people three choices and
none of them were correct.
So that is our task.
We can use this as kind of like
a benchmark of how while loops work.
What we're doing in this while loop
is we're pushing stuff into an array.
So we could follow a similar pattern,
for example.
>> It's saying that you're
given three values, you're
given the array of possible answers,
the correct answer, and the more choices.
So you have the array right there, it's n.
>> Yeah, and so the array,
just to give you all an idea,
the array would be like a whole bunch of
the universe of possible choices that we
could put in these three buttons.
So in our case,
we're talking about dog breeds.
So you may have noticed this really,
really,
really long array up here of all the
possible dog breeds that we know about.
So what we want is we don't wanna add,
I don't know, 100 something,
however many things
there are in this array.
We don't wanna add 100 different buttons
to the page, that would be not a fun game.
So we just wanna narrow it down to three.
And we wanna make sure that one
of them is the correct answer,
which we're gonna receive as
an argument to this function.
And in this case, well, I said three,
we're gonna narrow it down to n.
But let's say I were to pass in and
ask you for three choices,
I would want an array with three dog
breeds, one of which is the correct breed,
and two of which are incorrect,
other breeds.
But if I passed in n as five,
I would want an array with five breeds,
one of which is correct and
four of which are wrong.
Does that make sense?
So what we're doing is we're kind of
getting multiple choice options for
our question here.
And we're using a while loop to do that.
>> So the array we want to
return is array, right?
>> So the array that we're
being passed in would be, for
example, Maybe we should
rename this possibleChoices.
So in this case,
it might be that huge list of dog breeds.
Or maybe if it was my JavaScript quiz and
I was changing it to multiple choice
instead of just true false, it could be,
I don't know, an array of all
of the types in JavaScript.
And I'm asking you to choose
the type of a certain value or
something like that, we could imagine.
>> Okay, so we're assuming that
those possible choices is an empty
array at this point, and we want to
populate it with n possibilities.
>> So possible choices is
not gonna be an empty array.
I mean, we would expect it
not to be an empty array.
It's JavaScript, so there's no guarantees.
But we would expect it to be
an array of all the possibilities in
the world that we could
possibly choose choices from.
For example, if, in this case,
the array that's gonna be passed in, and
we can we can find out how this
function is gonna be used in our code.
If we look down,
later in the script, lower down,
there is a function
that's loading quiz data.
And what this is doing is it's going
to do a bunch of stuff that we haven't
talked about yet.
And it's going to get three choices,
including the correct dog breed,
by selecting options from this long,
long, long list of dog
breeds that we had up here that
we saved as the breeds element.
>> Okay, I see where I was confused.
>> Yeah, and this is all arbitrary.
So if you find this way of
structuring the code base different,
exercise to reader is to structure it
differently in your own version, but
maybe after we walk through the example.